Explainer update for supporting trigger context ID and avoiding report delay for aggregate reporting (#1113)
WICG/attribution-reporting-api: AGGREGATE.md

  - [Contribution bounding and budgeting](#contribution-bounding-and-budgeting)
  - [Storage limits](#storage-limits)
  - [Hide the true number of attribution reports](#hide-the-true-number-of-attribution-reports)

>   - [Optional: avoid report delay with trigger context ID](#optional-avoid-report-delay-with-trigger-context-id)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Optional: reduce report delay with trigger context ID](#optional-reduce-report-delay-with-trigger-context-id)
```

  // Optional debugging information (also present in event-level reports),
  // if the cookie `ar_debug` is present.
  "source_debug_key": "[64 bit unsigned integer]",
  "trigger_debug_key": "[64 bit unsigned integer]",

  // Optional trigger context ID.

>   "trigger_context_id": "example string"

Reviewer: Will this be limited to a max length of 64?
```suggestion
  "trigger_context_id": "example string" //max length 64
```

In order to limit abuse of the protections above, there will be a maximum limit of 20 aggregatable reports per source.

> ### Optional: avoid report delay with trigger context ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Optional: reduce report delay with trigger context ID
```

Trigger registration will accept an optional string field `trigger_context_id`, a
high-entropy ID which represents the data associated with the trigger.

```jsonc
{

>   ..., // exisiting fields

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ..., // existing fields
```

  "trigger_context_id": "example string" // max length 64
}
```

> This ID would then be embedded unencrypted in the aggregatable report.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This ID will be embedded unencrypted in the aggregatable report.
```

To avoid leaking cross-site information through the count of reports with the
given ID, the browser will unconditionally send an aggregatable report on every

> trigger registration with a context ID. A null report would be sent in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
trigger registration with a trigger context ID. A null report would be sent in the
```

> trigger registration with a trigger context ID. A null report would be sent in the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
trigger registration with a trigger context ID. A null report will be sent in the
```

case that the trigger registration did not generate an attribution report. The
source registration time will always be excluded from the aggregatable report

> with a context ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with a trigger context ID.
```

> As the context ID in the aggregatable report explicitly reveals the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the trigger context ID in the aggregatable report explicitly reveals the
```
